README.md, before:

# telereader

Discord bot to forward messages from Telegram groups or channels to Discord.

# Commands

`/teleinfo` Shows linked Telegram bot name and target channel.

`/telelink telegram_token #channel` Links this bot with Telegram bot account and sets target channel for forwarded messages. If no channel is provided, links with current channel.

`/telestop` Unlinks Telegram bot account from this bot.

# Setup for Telegram groups

1. Create Telegram bot using @BotFather
2. Enable groups for Telegram bot - to be allowed to join groups
3. Disable Telegram's bot's privacy mode for groups - to start receiving group messages
4. Add Telegram bot to relevant groups

# Setup for Telegram channels

1. Create Telegram bot using @BotFather
2. Change channel admin rights - uncheck all
3. Ask owners of relevant channels to add a bot - no admin rights required

# Discord setup

1. If self hosted: create .env with `DISCORD_TOKEN=your_token`
2. Add this bot to Discord server and use /telelink command

Commit message:

fix teleinfo, prevent message flooding on link

README.md, after:

# telereader

Discord bot to forward messages from Telegram groups or channels to Discord.

# Commands

`/teleinfo` Shows linked Telegram bot name and target channel.

`/telelink telegram_token #channel` Links this bot with Telegram bot account and sets target channel for forwarded messages. If no channel is provided, links with current channel. This moves the update pointer to the end to prevent message flodding.

`/telestop` Unlinks Telegram bot account from this bot.

# Setup for Telegram groups

1. Create Telegram bot using @BotFather
2. Enable groups for Telegram bot - to be allowed to join groups
3. Disable Telegram's bot's privacy mode for groups - to start receiving group messages
4. Add Telegram bot to relevant groups

# Setup for Telegram channels

1. Create Telegram bot using @BotFather
2. Change channel admin rights - uncheck all
3. Ask owners of relevant channels to add a bot - no admin rights required

# Discord setup

1. If self hosted: create .env file with `DISCORD_TOKEN=your_token`
2. Add this bot to Discord server and use /telelink command
